Add mdbook documentation (#32)
rustiqtech/solana-exporter: book/src/basics/configuration.md

# Configuration

> After running `solana-exporter generate`, a template config file will be created.

Reviewer: The path needs to be specified here.

Please also explain the other subdirectories of `~/.solana-exporter` somewhere prominent. Caching needs to be explained, and the pages of those metrics that are persisted need to mention this fact.

Author: > The path needs to be specified here.

I wrote an explanation in `installation.md` for how `solana-exporter generate` works. I have reworded that section and added a short elaboration in `configuration.md`

> Please also explain the other subdirectories of `~/.solana-exporter` somewhere prominent.

AFAICT there's only the `config.toml` file and the persistent database.

> Caching needs to be explained, and the pages of those metrics that are persisted need to mention this fact.

I agree, let me add a section to explain how the persistent database is used. When I finish the "Exported Feeds" section I will be sure to note which gauges use the persistent database in their individual pages. Does that sound good?

Reviewer: Yes, thank you!

Author: ea84de7 should help fix this, but I will need a bit more time to write up the rest of the feeds.

# Configuration

After running `solana-exporter generate`, a template config file will be created in either the specified location or
the default directory (`~/.solana-exporter`). This page explains the individual variables and how they affect the
exporter.

## Sample configuration

```toml
rpc = 'http://localhost:8899'
target = '0.0.0.0:9179'
pubkey_whitelist = []

[maxmind]
username = 'username'
password = 'password'
```

- `rpc` - the location of the JSON-RPC node. This can be a local RPC node, or a public one.
    - *Remark: Public nodes usually have a rate-limiting policy in place that makes usage with `solana-exporter`
      difficult (e.g., delayed response times).*
- `target` - the target address/port to export Prometheus gauges to.

> - `pubkey_whitelist` - an array of addresses, if not empty, will instruct the exporter to only export statistics about
>   the specified addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pubkey_whitelist` - an array of node identity pubkeys, if not empty,
  will instruct the exporter to only export statistics about the nodes with the specified pubkeys.
```
